Assignement number 2 
The assignment number 2 folder contains 3 main classes: Function, user input and main. Since there were 3 exercise in the assignment I decided to make 3 categories of each exercise. 

For the first exercise, which separates the numbers into even and odd arrays, I have defined 2 classes: Main.java and UserInput.java. The Userinput takes the numbers from the user and the records it. The Mian.java file is where it takes those numbers and tries to separate the arrays into even and odd. This is the only exercise where I have written a function inside the main file. Rest of them have their own class which is called in their respective main file.

For the ClosestNeighbor exercise, I've developed two classes: ClosestNeighbors.java and UserInput.java. The ClosestNeighbors class handles the logic of finding the closest neighbor in an array, while UserInput manages gathering input from the user (I have used the same file (UserInput.java)). ClosestNeighbors contains a constructor to initialize the object with an array and a method, findClosestPairIndex(), to determine the index of the closest pair in the array. This method checks for array validity, calculates distances between adjacent elements, and updates the minimum distance and closest pair index accordingly.

For the the third exercise, I've developed 3 classes: UserInputone.java, ConvertToArrayOrArrayList.java and MainTwo.java. UserInputOne.java facilitates user input by gathering an array of integers. It utilizes a Scanner object to prompt users for the number of elements and the elements themselves. Additionally, it provides a method to validate and obtain the user's selection between converting an array to an ArrayList or vice versa. ConvertToArrayOrArrayList.java provides methods to convert between an array and an ArrayList. It contains functions to convert an array to an ArrayList and vice versa. And finally, MainTwo.java acts as the main file. It utilizes UserInputOne to obtain user input and determines whether to convert an array to an ArrayList or vice versa based on the user's selection.

The final file i.e ArrayToArrayListOrViceVersa.java is just telling us how we can convert an array to an arraylist. 
